today's video is brought to you by
Squarespace hey guys johnathan here with
TLD hope you guys are doing well this
past week I got a chance to check out
NAMM 2014 which essentially is the music
equivalent of CES where companies get
together and show off the gear for the
new year
now for those who aren't aware before I
got into video actually came from a
music and audio background so I've
always had a soft spot not only for new
gear but for audio as well which is why
I'm constantly trying to improve not
only video quality but get the best
possible audio quality I can for these
videos so what you're looking at is the
Apollo twin by Universal audio and not
only do they make arguably the best
hardware emulation plugins on the planet
they do a killer job of bridging the gap
between technology and music so the
Apollo twin is essentially the little
brother of the original Apollo and
Apollo 16 obviously it's smaller more
compact and meant to sit on your desk as
opposed to a rack mount setup as you can
see aesthetically it is beautiful
brushed aluminum and it just screams
attention to detail on the front you can
see everything is nicely laid out
there's a level knob and switch right
smack in the middle the input and output
monitors are extremely easy to read and
you can see down below we have access to
tons of parameters ranging from input
selection a low-cut filter phantom power
an input pad and then the ability to
link the unit now as far as the ins and
the outs right there on the front
there's a headphone output to the left
of that there's a high Z input and this
is what you'd use to plug in your guitar
or bass to record directly on the
flipside there are two mics / line
inputs and these are killer preamps
they're super low noise and have a
ridiculously wide dynamic range of a
hundred and eighteen decibels following
that there are monitor and line outputs
the power input and a single thunderbolt
connection so no USB or firewire but I
would assume that you can probably use a
firewire 2 Thunderbolt converter and I
will look into that for my full review
of the unit now right there above the
power switch there's also an optical in
so you can actually add up to 8
additional inputs through an 8 @
connection now additionally there's a
few things that separate this from other
interfaces one of them being built in
processing so this comes in a solo or
dual configuration and just think of it
the same way you think of computer cores
or the cores on a phone the more you
have more power you have and it's gonna
actually take the load off of your
computer so even if you're using
something like a MacBook Air you're not
gonna have to stress about the computer
maxing out and being taxed by the
plugins because this is going to take
the load off your computers hands on top
of that like I mentioned
make arguably the best hardware
emulation plugins in the world and the
cool thing is with the power built into
this unit you can actually use those to
track or monitor your recordings in real
time not after the fact or
post-processing so if you're tracking a
guitar for example you could plug
directly into an API strip you can throw
in some of their softube
app modeling and the cool thing is you
have the option to record exactly what
you hear into a wet signal like you
would with older analog gear or you can
kind of preview it and still record a
dry signal and then tweak it after the
fact and from there the plugins keep
going there's tons of compressors from
Fairchild you have SSL Studer pultec the
list goes on and what's cool with these
is they actually introduced unison
preamp technology and what that means in
simple terms is the plug-in actually
adjust the preamp circuit itself so
based off what plug-in you're using
it'll actually change the impedance the
gain structure and adjust the physical
hardware preamp to actually better suit
the virtual plug-in that you're using on
your computer so yeah I'm pretty excited
to check this out if you guys are
looking forward to the review or have
any questions definitely leave me a
comment down below if you guys enjoy
this video you found it helpful
informative definitely make sure to hit
that like button it is much appreciated
I will have pricing availability the
various models all linked down below
along with the gear that I use to make
these videos before I hop out of here I
want to give a quick shout out to
Squarespace for help making this video
possible
so if you guys want to where Squarespace
is one of the quickest and easiest ways
to create your own website they have
drag and drop functionality everything
is optimized to look good automatically
no matter on your computer your laptop
or your smartphone they have an awesome
24/7 support team based out of New York
City and pricing starts out of just
eight dollars a month with a free domain
if you sign up for a year they also
recently introduced their logo creator
which you guys can check out more info
link down below and for those of you
guys who watch TLD you can actually
score a free trial no credit card
required and 10% off your order if you
decide you like it and you want to keep
using it just make sure to use the offer
code TLD won a check out that'll let
them know we sent you and it will
support the channel so again thank you
guys very much for watching this is
Jonathan from TLD and I will see you
guys later